README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">

  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Microverse project week1\day3</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<!--
# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [PORTFOLIO] <a name="about-project"></a>

> This is my personal portfolio

**[portfolio]** is a all about me and projects

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">HTML</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack">CSS</a>

> It just simple working with html- css (flex-box)

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Describe between 1-3 key features of the application.

- **[A soild introduction about myself]**
- **[navigation bar with little intraction ]** 
> ofcourse with no link as we don't have external home page but i think i should link it with my introduction part, I am looking for your suggestion 
- **[socail icons]**
> they have working links and tongleing on hover

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> work in progress 

- wait for the project to complete it will be here

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```
  -- first get the local copy of index.html and styles.css
  -- both files should be in same folder 
  -- duble click on the index.html and open it in browser 
  -- as this is a mobile verson it will display left side of your screen 
  -- also if you want to see how it look in mobile follow few more steps
    -- press F12 on your keyboard 
    -- and make sure your devloper option have following setting turn on it should look as same as following images

```
<div align="center">
<img src="testing\test-1.png" alt="logo" width="100%"  height="600" /> <br> <br>
<img src="testing\test-2.png" alt="logo" width="80%"  height="100"  />
</div>
<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

<!--
Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git
```
--->


### Run tests

To run tests
```
  -- hover in desktop mode or click in mobile mode
    --on AS Pathak 
    --on let's connect
    --on social icons
  
  -- click on in desktop mode or click in mobile mode 
    --on let's connect : to mail me 
    --on social icons : to redirect on my respective social sites some, proffesional and some unproffesional
```


<!--
Example command:

```sh
  bin/rails test test/models/article_test.rb
```
--->


<!--
Example:

```sh

```
 -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> It's my solo project

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@PowerLevel9000](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@adarsh809080adi](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Describe 1 - 3 features you will add to the project.

- [ ] **[adding of my projects link and pictures]**
- [ ] **[footer form]**
- [ ] **[my coding languages]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the issues and comment below

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> I am the solo learner before the microverse and i used to creat responsive desktop webpages 

if you want to test some please connect through my instagram sorry i know instagram is not coporative app but still i have shown 
all of my intrest and hobbies there

also tell me about how to host my webpages for free

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> I have used figma font-awesome and my learning


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->



<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

updated work section and footer form

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">

  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Microverse project week1\day3</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<!--
# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [PORTFOLIO] <a name="about-project"></a>

> This is my personal portfolio

**[portfolio]** is a all about me and projects

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">HTML</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack">CSS</a>

> It just simple working with html- css (flex-box)

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Describe between 1-3 key features of the application.

- **[A soild introduction about myself]**
- **[navigation bar with little intraction ]** 
> ofcourse with no link as we don't have external home page but i think i should link it with my introduction part, I am looking for your suggestion 
- **[socail icons]**
> they have working links and tongleing on hover

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> work in progress 

- wait for the project to complete it will be here

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```
  -- first get the local copy of index.html and styles.css
  -- both files should be in same folder 
  -- duble click on the index.html and open it in browser 
  -- as this is a mobile verson it will display left side of your screen 
  -- also if you want to see how it look in mobile follow few more steps
    -- press F12 on your keyboard 
    -- and make sure your devloper option have following setting turn on it should look as same as following images

```
<div align="center">
<img src="testing\test-1.png" alt="logo" width="100%"  height="600" /> <br> <br>
<img src="testing\test-2.png" alt="logo" width="80%"  height="100"  />
</div>
<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

<!--
Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git
```
--->


### Run tests

To run tests
```
  -- hover in desktop mode or click in mobile mode
    --on AS Pathak 
    --on let's connect
    --on social icons
    --on see project to have a look of my projects
  
  -- click on in desktop mode or click in mobile mode 
    --on let's connect : to mail me 
    --on social icons : to redirect on my respective social sites some, proffesional and some unproffesional
```

#things not working
> my resume button : it is just because i used to change my resume regularly
> dropdowns of About myself section
> this is not responsive project in big screen as this is mobile version


<!--
Example command:

```sh
  bin/rails test test/models/article_test.rb
```
--->


<!--
Example:

```sh

```
 -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> It's my solo project

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@PowerLevel9000](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@adarsh809080adi](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Describe 1 - 3 features you will add to the project.

- [ ] **[i will imppliment some javascript actions]**
- [ ] **[will update some feature in footer]**
- [ ] **[my coding languages]**
- [ ] **[fix some wired behaviour in diffrent screens which is not in project requirement]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the issues and comment below

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> I am the solo learner before the microverse and i used to creat responsive desktop webpages 

if you want to test some please connect through my instagram sorry i know instagram is not coporative app but still i have shown 
all of my intrest and hobbies there

also tell me about how to host my webpages for free

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> I have used figma font-awesome and my learning


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->



<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
